Okay. Now I want to plan out, uh, basically what my next goals are. Essentially, what we have now with this basic POC, um, proof of concept, uh, plan and structure is essentially what I want to become an API that we can... that handles the process of creating, uh, and running, um, the red to texture feed from a remote camera. Um, and so we will want handles, um, that can access this API from other mods. Um, and the next... not the next, but, uh, down the line, I want to make, uh, a camera mod that has a basic camera block part, um, that he accesses, uh, that API, um, through a few handles. Uh, those handles could be things like the camera block sending, uh, the API because it reads it's text to feed, uh, it's ID so that the the registered texture API can monitor its existence with damage level. And if the block... the camera block becomes damaged or something happens to it, um, it can remove the feed. Um, also, it can use the camera's block to position the camera, uh, from the RTT feed, um, amongst other things. The end goal is to have the render to texture API feed and the camera mod, which would be an add on using currently plug in access, but eventually keen shipped APIs, uh, to access the registered texture plug in and have it very stable. So the work we're doing right now, uh, in evaluating and and getting the underlying feed system stable, um, and well performance, is to ensure that we have a stable baseline for future multiple camera feeds. So we need to... once we've evaluated that this GPU bleed issue has gone, we're going to need to work on making this feed... underlying feed system very reliable. That means that in the event that the feed is cut for any reason, it doesn't result in a device removal, um, because that would cause a crash to desktop. That's unacceptable. We need it to be able to crash gracefully if the feed is disabled by the... in the future, the camera block being destroyed, uh, that needs to close it gracefully. If the game, uh, is all tagged, we need to make sure that doesn't cause a crash or anything like that. So we need to make sure this feed can be quickly started. Uh, there can be multiple instances of the feed projecting on to different screens. Um, we need to make sure the feed is reliable, easily restartable, um, and stable. Another part of this is going to be producing graphical fidelity levels down the road. I want the camera mods to ship with a UI, interactable UI interface with this... a portion of it that'll have settings where the user can choose, like, a low, medium, or high graphic setting. Um, but to define those, I will need discrete control of all the different graphical layers so I can decide which layer should be turned on in each mode. and I'll need to evaluate the performance of these. So at some point, we'll need to work on making sure that the different graphical layers can be toggled on and off rapidly. Ideally, without breaking or stopping the feed, um, so that I can test that. And it... at that point, it may also be good to add some on screen UI in the current build that will display things like frame time and FPS, uh, so that I can test with different modes on or off Okay. 







Let me know your thoughts on the above and add these to your project map / goals